Hi Vishnu,

As we are paying the 10 days rent according to the two months rental agreement
we will be handing over the apartment for cleaning and painting on 10th of August.
And according to the rental agreement it is mentioned that during the stay a tenant can use standard usage of property and when handing over tenant should handover the property in the same condition how he/she got the handover in fact we are going handover the property in most better condition after painting and cleaning than what we got during the handover. What ever the repairs are there currently are reported well in advance during handover and these repairs are from old tenants which was communicated with proof of videos and photos. After painting and cleaning we will handover keys on 10th august and can check the handover status.
When you gave the handover of the house I couldn't have the sleep for one month and suffered with dust and paint allergy which deteriorated my health to worst extent. As mentioned earlier discussions we were supposed to vacate according to the notice period only but you have forced us to vacate by 31st which we have made the arrangements and now you changed the date and we have to loose another 1000rs for cancellation of painting.
If you check in earlier discussions you said that some tenant was interested in the property and then now you are saying that none liked the house. 
According to the above notice period terms you can return advance of 1,20,000rs and return the remaining after painting,cleaning and handing over the keys.

200000	
35560	
3000	
3000	
11853	
146587	
20000	Painting booked
5000	cleaning booked
121587	



Painting requirement is clear: walls, ceiling, grills have to be painted. Current painting has to be scraped and double coat paint has to be applied.


Any missing tiles grouting has to be done. 



Cleaning: full house deep cleaning in a way that another is ready to move in. (Not even with minor dust like you expected to have when you moved in) 

When I am taking the handover I have expected to be in clean premises with out dirt and bad smell all around that is much expected from any tenant like you are thinking now to handover.


Because you had to put the effort to get it cleaning, my dad informed you that he will now put that effort and despite that you are putting condition that everything has to be finished in 3 days when I know that it is not possible to do in 3 days.

Last time it was expected same from your end while I am occupying which is not fulfilled not even to 10% 

All the issues and repairs that were found when you moved in were paid for by me. None of them were left as is. 
I’m asking the same now. We will put the effort to get them fixed but you need to pay for them.


All the issues and repairs that were found when I moved in if any damaged will be paid not the old repairs if still persist after the old tenants vacate.

And regarding changing the painting colour we cannot do it as painter is saying he cannot do it if informed at last minute as he already ready with the colours which I mentioned to him to avoid last minute challenges.










